Version 0.17.0
--------------

Unreleased

-   Drop support for Python < 3.8.
-   Remove old Python 2 compatibility checks.
-   The `__version__` attribute is deprecated. Use feature detection, or
    `importlib.metadata.version("flask-classful")`, instead. #155
-   The code is a package instead of a single module. #160
-   Provide async views support when used with Flask >= 2. #132


Version 0.16.0
--------------

Released 2023-09-07

-   Compatibility with werkzeug 2.2. #145
-   Use `pyproject.toml` for package metadata and `flit_core` as the build backend.


Version 0.15.0b1
----------------

Released 2021-12-25

-   Add additional `init_argument` to `register` method. #86
-   Add `@method` decorator and handling. #109
-   Use `inspect.getfullargspec()` for Python 3 compatibility. #94
-   Bugs/fix update failed travis ci build. #93
-   Use github actions to run CI checks to replace travis-ci. #134


Version 0.14.1
--------------

Released 2017-10-19

-   Should have breaking sections on changelog and migration section on docs
    to upgrade to v0.14, v0.11. #79


Version 0.14.0
--------------

Released 2017-10-05

-   The behavior of the trailing slash should be more intuitive and consistent. #47
-   Better representations. #33, #72
-   Type hints support for py3. #34
-   `base_class` introduced. #38
-   Add options passing to `werkzeug.Routing.Rule` from `register` function. #46
-   Enable using custom decorators in `FlaskView`. #29
-   Should allow specifying excluded methods from becoming routes. #41
-   Docker workflow along with teracy-dev for better dev setup. #32, #63, #66, #67
-   `base_args` should not be overriden when `route_base` is set #50
-   Keep the original license. #51
-   Fix docs publishing. #61


Version 0.13.1
--------------

Released 2016-09-03

-   Fix `route_base` and `trailing_slash` conflict. #31


Version 0.13.0
--------------

Released 2016-07-07

-   Should support route generation configuration for dashifying method names. #26


Version 0.12.0
--------------

Released 2016-07-05

-   Special methods should work with Python 3.5 type hints. #25


Version 0.11.0
--------------

Released 2016-05-18

-   The order in which `FlaskView` decorators are applied has been reversed. #49
-   Enhance 3rd party decorators. #14


Version 0.10.0
--------------

-   Prefer `format()` over string interpolation operator. #18
-   Should allows `flask.jsonify` to return status codes and headers. #19


Version 0.9.0
-------------

Released 2016-03-18

-   Rename Flask-Classy to Flask-Classful for PyPI publish and development.


Version 0.8.0
-------------

Released 2016-02-16

-   Use `code` and `headers` in `make_response`.
-   Update travis-ci build script.
-   Import `flask_classy` instead of `flask.ext.classy` on docs.
-   Add more tests.


Version 0.7.1
-------------

Released 2016-01-15

-   Fix `setup.py` for the right version specification.


Version 0.7.0
-------------

Released 2015-08-20

-   Add representations support for better serialization.
-   Move some attributes, methods to outer scope for overriding.
-   Fixes docs typos.


Version 0.6.11
--------------

Released 2015-08-07

-   Fixes empty url with `route` decorator.


Version 0.6.8
-------------

Released 2013-11-19

-   Fixes an issue where `before_request` and `before_<view>` methods that
    returned responses had their responses ignored. If these methods return a
    response it will be returned to the client.


Version 0.6.7
-------------

Released 2013-11-08

-   Adds a feature that allows control over trailing slashes.


Version 0.6.6
-------------

Released 2013-10-22

-   Fixes a bug introduced around certain types of decorators. Adds more tests
    for those cases as well.


Version 0.6.4
-------------

Released 2013-10-22

-   Added `route_prefix`, a feature that allows you to specify a prefix for all
    the routes generated by a `FlaskView` instance.
-   Fixes some bugs related to self-referential decorators.


Version 0.6.3
-------------

Released 2013-06-13

-   Python 3.3 and Flask 0.10 is now supported.
-   Fixed a bug that would cause a `FlaskView` without `route_base` attributes
    to fail to revert to that state after having them registered with a
    `route_base` in the `register` method.


Version 0.6.1
-------------

Released 2013-06-10

-   Fixed a bug when raising the `DecoratorCompatibilityError`.


Version 0.6.0
-------------

Released 2013-06-05

-   Class methods are filtered out when determining which methods should be
    routes.
-   `FlaskView` now supports a `decorators` attribute which takes a list of
    decorators to apply to every method in that view.
-   The `route_base` now supports arguments.
-   Fixed a bug that prevented Flask-Classy from generating routes for methods
    that had used a decorator but did not also use the `@route` decorator.
-   `view_args` dict modifications made before `FlaskView` view is called
    are now available in the `FlaskView`.


Version 0.5.2
-------------

Released 2012-11-29

-   Fixed a `SyntaxError` that was caused by using a dictionary generator in
    Python versions earlier than 2.7.


Version 0.5.1
-------------

Released 2012-11-20

-   Fixed a bug that caused views that used the `@route` decorator to ignore the
    subdomain keyword parameter specified in the `FlaskView.register` method.


Version 0.5.0
-------------

Released 2012-11-18

-   Changed the way routes are generated to match up with Flask documentation.
    `index`, `post` and custom methods without parameters are still configured
    with a trailing slash. `put`, `patch`, `get`, `delete`, and custom methods
    with parameters are configured without a trailing slash now.
-   Changed the way endpoints are generated to accommodate the more common
    cases. Methods with a single route are no longer have endpoints suffixed
    with an index.
-   Added support for specifying a custom endpoint using an `endpoint` keyword
    argument in the `@route` decorator.
-   Fixed a bug that would not allow you to use any parameter name but `id` in
    the special methods.


Version 0.4.3
-------------

Released 2012-11-11

-   Added wrapper methods for views.
-   Fixed a bug that caused blueprint subdomains to be ignored.


Version 0.4.0
-------------

Released 2012-11-05

-   Added support for subdomains.


Version 0.3.4
-------------

Released 2012-11-1

-   Added `PATCH` support.
